demo/react_sample/README.md, before:

### React Demo #3

#### Setup

There is no set up involved with this demo. Simply load a TIBET development
environment, open the Sherpa and enter the following into the TIBET Developer
Console command line:

```
~lib_demo/react_sample/ReactSample1.xhtml .> TP.sys.uiwin()
```

This uses the TIBET shell to redirect the contents of the XHTML file pointed to
by the virtual URI into the object returned by `TP.sys.uiwin()` (which happens
to be an instance of `TP.core.Window`).

#### What is being demonstrated

In this markup file, you'll see two custom tag, `<demo:samplereactfield/>`.
This is an instance of the custom tag type, `TP.demo.samplereactfield`, which is
defined in `TP.demo.samplereactfield.js`. You'll see how these are bound
together to the data that's defined in a `tibet:data` tag in the `<head>` of the
document. TIBET hooks into the React lifecycle method mechanism to allow data
binding from TIBET data sources into a React component (via `setState()`).

This type, a subtype of `TP.dom.ReactElement`, has some interesting constructs
worth discussing:

- It defines two 'type local' attributes that tell TIBET that this component
doesn't have either core style or theme style files associated with it. This
tells TIBET to not bother trying to fetch these files during development.

- It has a type-level method, `getComponentScriptLocations` that returns an
Array of paths to JavaScript files containing React code, 'sample_input.js',
which located in the source directory that this file is in.

- It has an instance-level method, `getComponentClassName` that returns a String
that tells TIBET the name of the React component constructor Function to use to
construct the underlying React component.

- It also contains examples of the 3 TIBET methods that show how the ReactJS
'component lifecycle' methods can be hooked in the TIBET code simply by
providing a method override. For now, those methods simply 'call up' their
supertype chain. When bridging TIBET with your own ReactJS code, you should
always call up to the common TIBET supertype. In this case, it is absolutely
critical to call up to the TIBET supertype, since these methods are providing
the data binding functionality.

The ReactJS file, `sample_input.js`, defines a class-based, ReactJS component
that implement a 'handleChange' method to set the state, which is leveraged by
TIBET in the data binding code. It also has trival `console.log` messages so
that you can see that, even TIBET hooks React lifecycle methods to do some of
its work, the various lifecycle methods in the React component itself are still
invoked as you would expect.

Commit message:

Shift these demo tags to being subtypes of TP.tag.CustomTag with a trait of TP.dom.ReactElement
This will make it easier for users to subtype these elements and shows the power of TIBET’s MI model.

demo/react_sample/README.md, after:

### React Demo #3

#### Setup

There is no set up involved with this demo. Simply load a TIBET development
environment, open the Sherpa and enter the following into the TIBET Developer
Console command line:

```
~lib_demo/react_sample/ReactSample1.xhtml .> TP.sys.uiwin()
```

This uses the TIBET shell to redirect the contents of the XHTML file pointed to
by the virtual URI into the object returned by `TP.sys.uiwin()` (which happens
to be an instance of `TP.core.Window`).

#### What is being demonstrated

In this markup file, you'll see two custom tag, `<demo:samplereactfield/>`.
This is an instance of the custom tag type, `TP.demo.samplereactfield`, which is
defined in `TP.demo.samplereactfield.js`. You'll see how these are bound
together to the data that's defined in a `tibet:data` tag in the `<head>` of the
document. TIBET hooks into the React lifecycle method mechanism to allow data
binding from TIBET data sources into a React component (via `setState()`).

This type, a subtype of `TP.tag.CustomTag` that mixes in the
`TP.dom.ReactElement` trait type (you can read more about TIBET type traits in
the core documentation), has some interesting constructs worth discussing:

- It defines two 'type local' attributes that tell TIBET that this component
doesn't have either core style or theme style files associated with it. This
tells TIBET to not bother trying to fetch these files during development.

- It has a type-level method, `getComponentScriptLocations` that returns an
Array of paths to JavaScript files containing React code, 'sample_input.js',
which located in the source directory that this file is in.

- It has an instance-level method, `getComponentClassName` that returns a String
that tells TIBET the name of the React component constructor Function to use to
construct the underlying React component.

- It also contains examples of the 3 TIBET methods that show how the ReactJS
'component lifecycle' methods can be hooked in the TIBET code simply by
providing a method override. For now, those methods simply 'call up' their
supertype chain. When bridging TIBET with your own ReactJS code, you should
always call up to the common TIBET supertype. In this case, it is absolutely
critical to call up to the TIBET supertype, since these methods are providing
the data binding functionality.

The ReactJS file, `sample_input.js`, defines a class-based, ReactJS component
that implement a 'handleChange' method to set the state, which is leveraged by
TIBET in the data binding code. It also has trival `console.log` messages so
that you can see that, even TIBET hooks React lifecycle methods to do some of
its work, the various lifecycle methods in the React component itself are still
invoked as you would expect.
