<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>

    <title></title>

    <script src="~lib_build/tibet_hook.min.js"></script>

    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="~lib_styles/tibet.css"/>

    <style type="text/css">
    <![CDATA[
    @namespace tmp url(urn:tibet:tmp);
    @namespace pclass url(urn:tibet:pseudoclass);

    tmp|testElem {

        display: block;
        position: relative;

        background-color: blue;

        width: 10px;
        height: 10px;
    }

    tmp|testElem[pclass|active] {

        border-color: red;
    }

    tmp|testElem[pclass|focus] {

        background-color: yellow;
    }
    ]]>
    </style>

</head>

<body xmlns:tibet="http://www.technicalpursuit.com/1999/tibet">

    <h2>Focus Stack #1</h2><br/>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    This test sets up 4 'input' elements, all at the &lt;body&gt; element level.
    <br/>
    None of the fields has a 'tabindex' attribute greater than -1, meaning that they're all programmatically controlled.
    <br/>
    By pressing various keys, the focus can be navigated to them:
    <br/>
    <br/>
    Home key navigates to the first field.<br/>
    End key navigates to the last field.<br/>
    Tab key navigates 'forward' to the next field and will wrap around.<br/>
    Shift-Tab key navigates 'backward' to the previous field and will wrap around.<br/>
    <br/>
    Because they're all at the &lt;body&gt; level (not inside of a 'tibet:group'), navigation between these elements will automatically wrap.
    <br/>
    <br/>
    Fields #1, #2 and #4 all share the same focusing context (which is the document's 'body' element). Field #3 is wrapped with a span that defines a different focusing context. Therefore, it will be 'push'ed onto the focus stack when navigated to from one of the other elements. If it is then navigated away from (pressing Tab, etc.) the previously focused element will be navigated to.
    <br/>
    <br/>

    Focus test field #1: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem1" tabindex="0"/>
    <br/>
    Focus test field #2: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem2" tabindex="0"/>
    <span tibet:focuscontext="true">
        Focus test field #3: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem3" tabindex="0"/>
    </span>
    <br/>
    Focus test field #4: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem4" tabindex="0"/>

</body>
</html>
