<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>

    <title></title>

    <script src="~lib_build/tibet_hook.min.js"></script>

    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="~lib_styles/tibet.css"/>

    <style type="text/css">
    <![CDATA[
    @namespace tmp url(urn:tibet:tmp);
    @namespace pclass url(urn:tibet:pseudoclass);

    tmp|testElem {

        display: block;
        position: relative;

        background-color: blue;

        width: 10px;
        height: 10px;
    }

    tmp|testElem[pclass|active] {

        border-color: red;
    }

    tmp|testElem[pclass|focus] {

        background-color: yellow;
    }

    tmp|group[id="fooGroup"] {

        display: block;
        border: solid 1px black;
    }

    tmp|group[id="gooGroup"] {

        display: block;
        border: solid 1px blue;
    }

    tmp|group[id="booGroup"] {

        display: block;
        border: solid 1px red;
    }
    ]]>
    </style>

</head>

<body xmlns:tibet="http://www.technicalpursuit.com/1999/tibet">

    <h2>Focus Test #6</h2><br/>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    This test sets up 8 focusable elements in multiple nested groups.
    <br/>
    None of the groups has a 'wrapWhen' attribute.
    <br/>
    None of the fields has a 'tabindex' attribute greater than -1, meaning that they're all programmatically controlled.
    <br/>
    Note also that, in this case, the 'fooGroup' itself has an HTML5 'autofocus' attribute. As a TIBET extension to the HTML5 'autofocus' capability, this allows the author to tell the group to focus when the page loads and then the group will select the proper field to focus on, given the TIBET-enhanced 'tabindex' rules.
    <br/>
    By pressing various keys, the focus can be navigated to them:
    <br/>
    <br/>
    Home key navigates to the first field *in the first group*.<br/>
    End key navigates to the last field *in the last group*.<br/>
    Tab key navigates 'forward' to the next field and will *not* wrap around *at the group level*, since there is no 'wrapWhen' attribute on any of the groups.<br/>
    Shift-Tab key navigates 'backward' to the previous field and will *not* wrap around *at the group level*, since there is no 'wrapWhen' attribute on any of the groups<br/>
    Ctrl-Tab key navigates 'forward' to the next field *in the same or next group* and will *ignore* any 'wrapWhen' attributes.<br/>
    Shift-Ctrl-Tab key navigates 'backward' to the previous field *in the same or last group* and will *ignore* any 'wrapWhen' attributes.<br/>
    PageUp key navigates to the first field *in the same group*.<br/>
    PageDown key navigates to the last field *in the same group*.<br/>
    Ctrl-PageUp key navigates to the first field *in the previous group* (ignoring any 'wrapWhen' attributes).<br/>
    Ctrl-PageDown key navigates to the first field *in the next group* (ignoring any 'wrapWhen' attributes).<br/>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    These fields are in the 'foo' group:
    <br/>
    <tibet:group id="fooGroup" autofocus="autofocus">
        Focus test field #1: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem1" tabindex="0"/>
        <br/>
        Focus test field #2: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem2" tabindex="0"/>
        <br/>
    </tibet:group>
    <br/>
    This field is not in any group:
    <br/>
    Focus test field #3: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem3" tabindex="0"/>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    These fields are in the 'goo' group:
    <br/>
    <tibet:group id="gooGroup">
        Focus test field #4: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem4" tabindex="0"/>
        <br/>
        Focus test field #5: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem5" tabindex="0"/>
        <br/>
        <br/>
        These fields are in the 'boo' group:
        <br/>
        <tibet:group id="booGroup">
            Focus test field #6: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem6" tabindex="0"/>
            <br/>
            Focus test field #7: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem7" tabindex="0"/>
        </tibet:group>
        <br/>
        Focus test field #8: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem8" tabindex="0"/>
    </tibet:group>

</body>
</html>
