<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">

<head>

    <title></title>

    <script src="~lib_build/tibet_hook.min.js"></script>

    <link type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" href="~lib_styles/tibet.css"/>

    <style type="text/css">
    <![CDATA[
    @namespace tmp url(urn:tibet:tmp);
    @namespace pclass url(urn:tibet:pseudoclass);

    tmp|testElem {

        display: block;
        position: relative;

        background-color: blue;

        width: 10px;
        height: 10px;
    }

    tmp|testElem[pclass|active] {

        border-color: red;
    }

    tmp|testElem[pclass|focus] {

        background-color: yellow;
    }

    tmp|group[id="fooGroup"] {

        display: block;
        border: solid 1px black;
    }

    tmp|group[id="gooGroup"]
    {
        display: block;
        border: solid 1px blue;
    }

    tmp|group[id="booGroup"] {

        display: block;
        border: solid 1px red;
    }
    ]]>
    </style>

</head>

<body xmlns:tibet="http://www.technicalpursuit.com/1999/tibet">

    <h2>Focus Test #7</h2><br/>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    This test sets up 4 focusable elements in multiple nested groups.
    <br/>
    The 'goo' group has a 'focuswrap' attribute.
    <br/>
    None of the fields has a 'tabindex' attribute greater than -1, meaning that they're all programmatically controlled.
    <br/>
    By pressing various keys, the focus can be navigated to them:
    <br/>
    <br/>
    Home key navigates to the first field *in the first group*.<br/>
    End key navigates to the last field *in the last group*.<br/>
    Tab key navigates 'forward' to the next field and will *not* wrap around *at the group level* on the 'foo' group (since it has no 'focuswrap' attribute), but will wrap around on the 'goo' group (since it has a 'focuswrap' attribute).<br/>
    Shift-Tab key navigates 'backward' to the previous field and will *not* wrap around *at the group level* on the 'foo' group (since it has no 'focuswrap' attribute), but will wrap around on the 'goo' group (since it has a 'focuswrap' attribute)<br/>
    Ctrl-Tab key navigates 'forward' to the next field *in the same or next group* and will *ignore* any 'focuswrap' attributes.<br/>
    Shift-Ctrl-Tab key navigates 'backward' to the previous field *in the same or last group* and will *ignore* any 'focuswrap' attributes.<br/>
    PageUp key navigates to the first field *in the same group*.<br/>
    PageDown key navigates to the last field *in the same group*.<br/>
    Ctrl-PageUp key navigates to the first field *in the previous group* (ignoring any 'focuswrap' attributes).<br/>
    Ctrl-PageDown key navigates to the first field *in the next group* (ignoring any 'focuswrap' attributes).<br/>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    These fields are in the 'foo' group:
    <br/>
    <tibet:group id="fooGroup">
        Focus test field #1: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem1" tabindex="0"/>
        <br/>
        Focus test field #2: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem2" tabindex="0"/>
        <br/>
    </tibet:group>
    <br/>
    This field is not in any group:
    <br/>
    Focus test field #3: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem3" tabindex="0"/>
    <br/>
    <br/>
    These fields are in the 'goo' group:
    <br/>
    <tibet:group id="gooGroup" focuswrap="true">
        Focus test field #4: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem4" tabindex="0"/>
        <br/>
        Focus test field #5: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem5" tabindex="0"/>
        <br/>
        <br/>
        These fields are in the 'boo' group:
        <br/>
        <tibet:group id="booGroup">
            Focus test field #6: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem6" tabindex="0"/>
            <br/>
            Focus test field #7: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem7" tabindex="0"/>
        </tibet:group>
        <br/>
        Focus test field #8: <tmp:testElem id="focusTestElem8" tabindex="0"/>
    </tibet:group>

</body>
</html>
